# Advanced Problem:
  Upon creating the database I noticed there are cases where the file provided isn't a single song but rather a collection of songs(sometimes beings 1000+ pages long). Therefore, if someone wants to look for a song in that collection, they would have to download the whole pdf and look though the file to find their song. A solution to this would be to split the pdf into smaller pdfs that each contain a single song and then rename each corresponding pdf to the name of the song that it contains, along with the name of author, key, etc., so that it can be properly integrated into the database. 

Unfortunatley, this will inevitable led us to open up a can of worms. Lets assume we are working with the collection of songs that is 1000 pages long. Assuming each song is 2 pages long, we would have 500 seperate PDFs for each song of 2 pages long. However, it turns out that about in 80% of the cases, the songs overlap onto one another, most likely because the pages are taken from a book and the way the book is written is to conserve as much space as possible. This is why we end up with PDFs with an ending of one song and the beggning of another all on the same page. Essentially, to accurately sorting the pages we need to determine where at the page each song starts and where each song ends, as well as figuring out who is the author by reading the pdf. While AI can help with recognizing the titles and names of authors, there will still be words on the pdf that are unrecognizable due to the poor quality of the pdf. Furthermore, there still has to be someone who goes through all the data to make sure the AI properly wrote out the name and title.

# Step one:
First we isolate the collections of pdfs from the other songs that are already contained in a single pdf. Once we do that, we can start splitting the pdfs. The best case scenario we have are collections who restrict themselves to a constant 1 or 2 pages per song. For those collections we just split the file accordingly into single PDFs or pairs of PDFs. The worst case scenrio we have is the collections where the songs interlap with each other. That is where a songs ending is on the same page where another song end. The solution we will be using for now is making a a duplicate of the page where there is two songs. Here is an example to help us better understand why:
